Or write welcome back my students.
So we already looked at it at Sessler right.
And we were able to get a value out of the database at the same time before we even do anything with
it.
We were able to manipulate the data right by using get the name of the column and they were actually
you passing the value there.
So now we're going to look at the mutator how we can set a value in the database before we get weave
before we send it to the to the database.
OK.
All right.
So how can we manipulate that data.
Well first let's create a mutator.
And this is a convention.
OK we set name actually you know we've got to do is use the only key word that we got to change is the
first one.
That's the difference between those two get and set and then everything else is the same.
So you would say to you here.
OK.
The only two key words I will always be the same as they get in there in the accessor and they actually
view and on the mutator the set.
And actually you get Actually you said actually you see the mutator some mutates the data access or
gets the data.
All right so have that in your brains.
Right.
So OK so how we do this.
Well we we have to grab this attributes.
OK.
And this is going to be an array.
And of course we're going to tell you the name the attributes that we want to mutate.
We want to mutate is actually you and we want to set it to you know why I'm going to use the same functionality
right here.
I want to make sure that that's going to be upper case all of it in the database.
So right now we go back.
There is this is all in lowercase right here.
All right.
So now every time I save that data is going to be uppercase but I got to go and save it first.
So let's go to our routes Let's go and create another route right here and this call is set name right
.
Makes sense that name we got to find the user.
We to grab the user's name and we just go.
I don't know.
Mortified to say.
William.
William I think that's OK too.
And then when you say these users save.
OK.
All right.
That should do it.
And then we should go all upper case there.
Let's.
And I'm going to give you this links guys.
OK.
I got the documentation right beside me.
So let's go ahead and do this real quick set name.
Answer.
All right.
Let's go back here.
Refresh and as you can see we change the name of the center time we made it all upper case.
So this is what I'm mutator is super super cool to use them because you can do lots of great things
of money related data.
OK.
When you already have certain functionality in your project and you don't want to modify anything else
cool.
So now you know by the mutator thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lecture.